Docs fix: supported languages in Unity Shared clusters (#1587)
databricks/terraform-provider-databricks: docs/guides/unity-catalog-azure.md

}
```

> - To use those advanced cluster features or languages like Python with DBR<11.1, Scala and R with Unity Catalog, one must choose **Single User** mode when launching the cluster. The cluster can only be used exclusively by a single user (by default the owner of the cluster); other users are not allowed to attach to the cluster.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- To use those advanced cluster features or languages like Machine Learning Runtime, Streaming, Scala and R with Unity Catalog, one must choose **Single User** mode when launching the cluster. The cluster can only be used exclusively by a single user (by default the owner of the cluster); other users are not allowed to attach to the cluster.
```
